Redo "badge app 101" instructions (#324)
emfcamp/badge-2024-documentation: docs/tildagon-apps/examples/snake.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you're using the simulator, open a terminal in the `sim/` folder:

    ```sh
    pipenv run python run.py
    ```

    ![App showing text This will be my snake game soon](../../images/snake/soon.png){: style="width:400px;height: auto;margin:auto;display:block;" }

    If you're using a real badge and `mpremote`, open a terminal in your new `snake` folder and run:

    ```sh
    mpremote cp ./* :/apps/snake
    ```

    Then press the **reboop** button for 2 seconds to restart the app.

!!! info "Debugging"

    To see debug messages, follow the steps to [debug your app on your badge](../run-on-badge.md/#debug-your-app-on-your-badge).

```

## Environment setup

To start developing your own app, you first need to get your badge talking to your computer. Plug it in over USB-C and follow the instructions in [Run the app on your badge](../run-on-badge.md).

> If you don't have a badge handy, you can instead use a simulator. Follow the installation steps in [Simulate your app](../simulate.md).

Reviewer: I disagree with prioritizing content on running the app on the badge directly. `mpremote` causes more confusion and there are more chances for things to go terribly wrong. I also don't want to offer too much of a choice point here to avoid overwhelming people. It's an opinonated approach I guess - I am changing this part. We can mention both but the simulator comes first. 

```suggestion
To start developing your own app, you first need to set up your environment. Follow the installation steps in [Simulate your app](../simulate.md).

If you need to have access to badge hardware that is not in the simulator, you can instead [Run the app on your badge](../run-on-badge.md).
```
